[stable/elasticsearch-exporter] Let the chart have the ability to export the ports in the nodeport mode (#1… (#19071)
helm/charts: stable/elasticsearch-exporter/README.md

`podSecurityPolicies.enabled` | Enable/disable PodSecurityPolicy and associated Role/Rolebinding creation | `false`
`serviceAccount.create` | Create a ServiceAccount for the pod | `false`
`serviceAccount.name` | Name of a ServiceAccount to use that is not handled by this chart | `default`

> `service.type` | type of service to create, `ClusterIP` or `NodePort` | `ClusterIP`

Reviewer: There are other valid types.

Author: should I and loadbalancer and ingress?

Reviewer 2: I would just leave it as `type of service to create`

But FWIW take a look on other charts and see how they do...

`service.httpPort` | port for the http service | `9108`

> `service.targetPort` | port for the http service that the pod exported | `9108`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`service.targetPort` | port for the http service that the pod exported | `nil`
`service.nodePort` | port for the http service that node exported in NodePort mode | `nil`
```
